mixxx_controls.rst: clarify bpm_tap CO (#459)
mixxxdj/manual: source/chapters/appendix/mixxx_controls.rst

                   [PreviewDeckN],bpm_tap
                   [SamplerN],bpm_tap

>    When tapped repeatedly, adjusts the :term:`tempo` of the track on the deck to match the tapped :term:`BPM`.
> 
>    .. note:: If you want to change the :term:`rate` of the channel (instead of the :term:`BPM` of the file), use `script.bpm.tapButton(deck) <https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/midi%20scripting#Helper-functions>`_ in your controller mapping instead.

Reviewer: I think, to avoid confusion in the first place, we should use 'BPM' here, and maybe even mention the displayed beatgrid as well. The note could then only mention the tempo function.

```suggestion
   When tapped repeatedly, adjusts the :term:`BPM` of the track on the deck (not the tempo slider!) to match the taps.

   .. note:: If you want to change the :term:`rate` of the deck use `script.bpm.tapButton(deck) <https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/midi%20scripting#Helper-functions>`_ in your controller mapping instead.
```

>    .. note:: if you only want to change the :term:`rate` of the channel (instead of the :term:`BPM` of the file), use `script.bpm.tapButton(deck) <https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/midi%20scripting#Helper-functions>`_ in your controller mapping instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. note:: If you want to change the :term:`rate` of the channel (instead of the :term:`BPM` of the file), use `script.bpm.tapButton(deck) <https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/midi%20scripting#Helper-functions>`_ in your controller mapping instead.
```
